Ci ti refresh multiple tickets - DOC-3344, DOC-3343, DOC-3444, CI-8980 (#2692)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/ci-stage-settings.md

## Configure Codebase

> Specify the pipeline's default codebase configuration. These settings are available when you add the first stage to a pipeline. After adding the first stage, these are managed under the pipeline's overall **Codebase** settings. For more information about codebase configuration, go to [Edit Codebase Configuration](../codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the pipeline's default codebase configuration. These settings are available when you add the first stage to a pipeline. After you add the first stage, you manage these under the pipeline's overall **Codebase** settings. For more information about codebase configuration, go to [Edit Codebase Configuration](../codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md).
```
